---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "multy_kubernetes_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-multy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides Multy Kubernetes Cluster resource
---

# multy_kubernetes_cluster (Resource)

Provides Multy Kubernetes Cluster resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "multy_kubernetes_cluster" "cluster1" {
  cloud              = var.cloud
  location           = "us_east_1"
  name               = "multy_cluster_1"
  virtual_network_id = multy_virtual_network.vn.id

  default_node_pool = {
    name                = "default"
    starting_node_count = 2
    min_node_count      = 1
    max_node_count      = 3
    vm_size             = "general_medium"
    disk_size_gb        = 10
    subnet_id           = multy_subnet.subnet1.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud` (String) Cloud provider to deploy resource into. Accepted values are `aws`, `azure` or `gcp`
- `default_node_pool` (Attributes) Default node pool to associate with this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_node_pool))
- `location` (String) Location to deploy resource into. Read more about regions in [documentation](https://docs.multy.dev/regions)
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster
- `virtual_network_id` (String) Virtual network where cluster and associated node pools should be in.

### Optional

- `service_cidr` (String) CIDR block for service nodes.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `resource_group_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--default_node_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_node_pool`

Required:

- `availability_zones` (List of Number) Zones to place nodes in. If not set, they will be spread across multiple zones selected by the cloud provider.
- `aws_overrides` (Attributes) AWS-specific attributes that will be set if this resource is deployed in AWS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_node_pool--aws_overrides))
- `azure_overrides` (Attributes) Azure-specific attributes that will be set if this resource is deployed in Azure (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_node_pool--azure_overrides))
- `cluster_id` (String) Id of the multy kubernetes cluster
- `disk_size_gb` (Number) Disk size used for each node.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be applied to each node.
- `max_node_count` (Number) Maximum number of nodes.
- `min_node_count` (Number) Minimum number of nodes.
- `name` (String) Name of kubernetes node pool
- `starting_node_count` (Number) Number of initial nodes. Defaults to the minimum number of nodes.
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet to place the node and pods in. Must have access to the Internet to connect with the control plane.
- `vm_size` (String) Size of Virtual Machine used for the nodes. Accepted values are `general_micro`, `general_medium`, `general_large`, `general_nano`, `general_small`, `general_xlarge`, `general_2xlarge`, `compute_large`, `compute_xlarge`, `compute_2xlarge`, `compute_4xlarge`, `compute_8xlarge`, `memory_large`, `memory_xlarge`, `memory_2xlarge`, `memory_4xlarge`, `memory_8xlarge`, `memory_12xlarge` or `memory_16xlarge`

<a id="nestedatt--default_node_pool--aws_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_node_pool.aws_overrides`

Required:

- `instance_types` (List of String) The instance type to use for nodes.


<a id="nestedatt--default_node_pool--azure_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_node_pool.azure_overrides`

Required:

- `vm_size` (String) The size to use for nodes.


