---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "multy_kubernetes_node_pool Resource - terraform-provider-multy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides Multy Object Storage Object resource
---

# multy_kubernetes_node_pool (Resource)

Provides Multy Object Storage Object resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "multy_kubernetes_node_pool" "node_pool" {
  cluster_id     = multy_kubernetes_cluster.cluster1.id
  name           = "node_pool"
  min_node_count = 1
  max_node_count = 3
  vm_size        = "general_medium"
  disk_size_gb   = 10
  subnet_id      = multy_subnet.subnet1.id
  labels         = { "os" : "multy" }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) Id of the multy kubernetes cluster
- `disk_size_gb` (Number) Disk size used for each node.
- `max_node_count` (Number) Maximum number of nodes.
- `min_node_count` (Number) Minimum number of nodes.
- `name` (String) Name of kubernetes node pool
- `subnet_id` (String) Subnet to place the node and pods in. Must have access to the Internet to connect with the control plane.
- `vm_size` (String) Size of Virtual Machine used for the nodes. Accepted values are `general_micro`, `general_medium`, `general_large`, `general_nano`, `general_small`, `general_xlarge`, `general_2xlarge`, `compute_large`, `compute_xlarge`, `compute_2xlarge`, `compute_4xlarge`, `compute_8xlarge`, `memory_large`, `memory_xlarge`, `memory_2xlarge`, `memory_4xlarge`, `memory_8xlarge`, `memory_12xlarge` or `memory_16xlarge`

### Optional

- `availability_zones` (List of Number) Zones to place nodes in. If not set, they will be spread across multiple zones selected by the cloud provider.
- `aws_overrides` (Attributes) AWS-specific attributes that will be set if this resource is deployed in AWS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_overrides))
- `azure_overrides` (Attributes) Azure-specific attributes that will be set if this resource is deployed in Azure (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_overrides))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to be applied to each node.
- `starting_node_count` (Number) Number of initial nodes. Defaults to the minimum number of nodes.

### Read-Only

- `aws` (Object) AWS-specific ids of the underlying generated resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws))
- `azure` (Object) Azure-specific ids of the underlying generated resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure))
- `gcp` (Object) GCP-specific ids of the underlying generated resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gcp))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `resource_status` (Map of String) Statuses of underlying created resources

<a id="nestedatt--aws_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_overrides`

Optional:

- `instance_types` (List of String) The instance type to use for nodes.


<a id="nestedatt--azure_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_overrides`

Optional:

- `vm_size` (String) The size to use for nodes.


<a id="nestedatt--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Read-Only:

- `eks_node_pool_id` (String)
- `iam_role_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure`

Read-Only:

- `aks_node_pool_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--gcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp`

Read-Only:

- `gke_node_pool_id` (String)


